STARTING REFRACTA INSTALLER

Refracta Installer will install the operating system to hard drive from
a running live-CD or live-USB session. The running system will be copied
exactly - any changes you make to the running system, including desktop
preferences, configuration changes, or added software will be copied to
the installed system.

There are currently three versions of Refracta Installer. If you 
select Refracta Installer from the System menu, you'll get one of the 
gui versions. The preferred script uses Yad for a graphical front end. 
If yad is not installed, there's a zenity-based script that will run.
You can call either script from command line with 'refractainstaller-yad'
or 'refractainstaller-gui'.

If you run 'refractainstaller' from a terminal or console, you'll
get the non-gui version. Unlike the gui version, the non-gui version 
does not give you the option to change the username. Instead, you can
run change-username (as root) after you boot into the newly-installed 
system. 

See comments in /etc/refractainstaller.conf for various options that can
be set there.

See /usr/lib/refractainstaller/installer_exclude.list if you want to
change the list of files/directories that won't be copied to the
installed system.  


INSTALLATION PROCEDURE

Start the installer, choose Simple or Expert.

Simple install puts the bootloader in the mbr of /dev/sda 
and lets you choose a single partition for the installation. That
partition will be formatted as ext3.

Expert install opens a window with a checklist of options.

  Change user name
  Create a separate /home partition
  Create a separate /boot partition
  Encrypt the root filesystem (separate /boot required)
  Encrypt the /home partition (separate /home required)
  Write random data to encrypted partitions (more secure)
  Write zeroes to all partitions (to erase previous data)
  Do not install bootloader. I'll handle it myself.
  Use UUID in etc/fstab. (Useful if drive order changes.)
  Use filesystem labels (disk labels) in etc/fstab.
  Change hostname.
  Disable automatic login to desktop.
  Disable automatic login to console. (Use stock Debian inittab)

Run the partitioner if you need to.
Choose partition(s) and filesystem format(s) for installation.
Enter information if requested (new host name, disk labels, 
passphrases for encryption)
Sit back and watch for a few minutes.
Enter new username and password, root password, 
Edit /etc/sudoers if desired.
Reboot into the new installation.
